I'm sure you had better things to do on Saturday evening than watch Donald Trump rant for nearly two hours to an audience of cheering fans in Rome, Georgia.
His speech was rambling, unhinged, vituperative, and oh-so-revealing. In his first rally since effectively clinching the Republican Presidential nomination,
Trump made what amounted to his response to Joe Biden’s State of the Union address. It’s hard to imagine a better or more pointed contrast with the vision that,
 two days earlier, the President had laid out for America.

And yet, like so much about Trump’s 2024 campaign, this insane oration was largely overlooked and under-covered, the flood of lies and B.S. seen
as old news from a candidate whose greatest political success has been to acclimate a large swath of the population to his ever more dangerous alternate reality.
No wonder Biden, trapped in a real world of real problems that defy easy solutions, is struggling to defeat him.


This is partly a category error. Though we persist in treating the 2024 election as a race between an incumbent and a challenger,
 it is not that so much as a contest between two incumbents: Biden, the actual President, and Trump, the forever-President of Red America’s fever dreams.
 But Trump, while he presents himself as the country’s rightful leader, gets nothing like the intense scrutiny for his speeches that is now focussed on the current
  occupant of the Oval Office. The norms and traditions that Trump is intent on smashing are, once again, benefitting him.

Consider the enormous buildup before, and wall-to-wall coverage of, Biden’s annual address to Congress. It was big news when the
President called out his opponent in unusually scathing terms, referring thirteen times in his prepared text to “my predecessor” in what was,
 understandably, seen as a break with tradition. Republican commentators grumbled about the sharply partisan tone of the President’s remarks
 and the loud decibel in which he delivered them; Democrats essentially celebrated those same qualities.


 1. Big Data Is Boosting Intelligent Behavior in Machines
Machine learning (ML) and artificial intelligence (AI) are becoming dominant problem-solving techniques in many areas of research and industry,
not least because of the recent successes of deep learning (DL). However, the equation AI=ML=DL, as recently suggested in the news, blogs, and media,
falls too short. These fields share the same fundamental hypotheses: computation is a useful way to model intelligent behavior in machines.
What kind of computation and how to program it? This is not the right question. Computation neither rules out search, logical, and probabilistic techniques,
 nor (deep) (un)supervised and reinforcement learning methods, among others, as computational models do include all of them. They complement each other,
 and the next breakthrough lies not only in pushing each of them but also in combining them.

Big Data is no fad. The world is growing at an exponential rate and so is the size of the data collected across the globe.
Data is becoming more meaningful and contextually relevant, breaking new grounds for machine learning (ML), in particular for deep learning (DL)
and artificial intelligence (AI), moving them out of research labs into production (Jordan and Mitchell, 2015). The problem has shifted from
collecting massive amounts of data to understanding it—turning it into knowledge, conclusions, and actions. Multiple research disciplines,
from cognitive sciences to biology, finance, physics, and social sciences, as well as many companies believe that data-driven and “intelligent”
solutions are necessary to solve many of their key problems. High-throughput genomic and proteomic experiments can be used to enable personalized medicine.
Large data sets of search queries can be used to improve information retrieval. Historical climate data can be used to understand global warming and to
better predict weather. Large amounts of sensor readings and hyperspectral images of plants can be used to identify drought conditions and to gain insights
into when and how stress impacts plant growth and development and in turn how to counterattack the problem of world hunger. Game data can turn pixels
into actions within video games, while observational data can help enable robots to understand complex and unstructured environments and to learn manipulation skills.

However, is AI, ML, and DL really synonymous, as recently suggested in the news, blogs, and media?
For example, when AlphaGo (Silver et al., 2016) defeated South Korean Master Lee Se-dol in the board game Go in 2016,
the terms AI, ML, and DL were used by the media to describe how AlphaGo won. In addition to this, even Gartner's list
(Panetta, 2017) of top 10 Strategic Trends for 2018 places (narrow) AI at the very top, specifying it as
“consisting of highly scoped machine-learning solutions that target a specific task.”


Black holes are some of the strangest and most fascinating objects in space. They're extremely dense, with such strong gravitational
attraction that not even light can escape their grasp.

The Milky Way could contain over 100 million black holes, though detecting these gluttonous beasts is very difficult.
 At the heart of the Milky Way lies a supermassive black hole — Sagittarius A*. The colossal structure is about 4 million
 times the mass of the sun and lies approximately 26,000 light-years away from Earth, according to a statement from NASA.

The first image of a black hole was captured in 2019 by the Event Horizon Telescope (EHT) collaboration. The striking photo
of the black hole at the center of the M87 galaxy 55 million light-years from Earth thrilled scientists around the world.



Quantum physics is the study of matter and energy at the most fundamental level. It aims to uncover the properties and behaviors of the very building blocks of nature.

While many quantum experiments examine very small objects, such as electrons and photons, quantum phenomena are all around us,
acting on every scale. However, we may not be able to detect them easily in larger objects. This may give the wrong impression that
 quantum phenomena are bizarre or otherworldly. In fact, quantum science closes gaps in our knowledge of physics to give us a more
 complete picture of our everyday lives.

Quantum discoveries have been incorporated into our foundational understanding of materials, chemistry, biology, and astronomy.
These discoveries are a valuable resource for innovation, giving rise to devices such as lasers and transistors, and enabling real progress
 on technologies once considered purely speculative, such as quantum computers. Physicists are exploring the potential of quantum science to
 transform our view of gravity and its connection to space and time. Quantum science may even reveal how everything in the universe
 (or in multiple universes) is connected to everything else through higher dimensions that our senses cannot comprehend.

 Phoenix Suns shooting guard Devin Booker has already established himself
 as one of the best players in the league, and perhaps already one of the best in franchise history.

When it comes to his status in the all-time ranks, there's still plenty of work to do.
A championship would help bolster his resume, and that could very well happen this season
after a handful of moves have elevated Phoenix to official "championship or now" status -
 if they weren't there already.

It's unknown precisely where the two were at or what they were talking about, though it's always nice to see two greats show love to each other.

Despite Phoenix's most recent early exit in the postseason,
Booker captured the attention of the entire basketball world by putting himself in Jordan's
company by becoming the first player since 23 himself back in 1992 to average a minimum of 35 points
a game over the first eight games of a postseason.


 